Welcome on Aquascaping Lab channel
in this video tutorial we are talking about Symphysodon discus, Heckel Discus
Red Discus Fish or commonly called Pompadour Discus
It 'a freshwater bony fish belonging to the Cichlidae family
comes from Brazil, along the basin of the Amazon
Rio Negro and Lives calm waters
Has a very compressed body at the sides
have a disc-shaped by profile
the ventral fins are long and thin
anal and dorsal are also rounded, but rather large
the tail fin is delta sheep
The livery is extremely variable are always present maculature or vertical stripes
of various colors, white yellow orange
red green blue brown and white
Symphysodon discus are among the most popular in the aquarium
but is not easy to maintain because they require very precise values ​​of water values
(PH acids and low GH) and are very delicate
surely we must be attentive to the presence of nitrites and nitrates
because suffering presence of polluted water
It 'a herd fish so we suggest to have a group of 5 specimens
and coexists well with other cichlids or catfishes and characins
Grow enough so even if they are peaceful require large spaces
must be placed in tanks not less than 200 liters
for swimming and hiding formed by rich vegetation and woods
There is no difference between males and females
female have the genital papilla may be bigger
are oviparus fish and reproduction in the aquarium is very difficult or impossible
the temperature will be 30-31 degrees and water nitrites and nitrates free
the eggs are monitored by the male and the female, to defend them from predators
after hatching the fry are fed with a special liquid secreted by the parents for a short period
They are omnivorous, so we suggest granules
flakes, brine shrimp, mosquito larvae and insects
Usually the cost of a specimen of one Discus is around 20/30 €
therefore is not very economical
for the proper management of the water values as PH GH and Temperature
for increase alimentation and fish care acquaintances
from fry breeding to disease prevention
I invite you to click on the English playlist "acquascaping and technical advice"
thank you for watching this video tutorial
write a comment for any question and click on like
Subscribe on Aquascaping lab channel for other video and news